4/6/20
Added some tests
can now create,edit,delete,index: all
Fixed webapp and database communication
Changed layout and navigation bar spacing
fixed some bugs (undocumented null errors from data structure changes)
fixed topic view
added viewcart
added checkout
added suggested item
fixed bug in table
    and re-migrated....
        all data in tables lost.....
Can now complete order
can now make a new order
can now see orders
can now look closer at an order
added sort inside of order view (unimplemented)
reworked order view with minor internal css

4/5/20
can now create,edit,delete,index: people, reviews, sellers, stores(half way done, untested)
can now list items to buy based on user's store
can now add items to a cart that persists (THIS TOOK MY FOREVER)
numerous bugfixes (undocumented)
dirtied code while trying various fixes
fixed publish pipeline
added populateitemlist for buying logic
added singleton dependency injection that tracks the order
learned a lot about how razor, mvc, views, viewdata, html, and dependency injection works (the hard way)

4/4/20
Tweaked item view to now show all related info
Can now create a new item, and assign it existing topic,seller,store  (default orderid = 0)
changed mapper to remove recursion
changed mapper to handle potential null orders
Reworked code to eliminate several bugs, including the reference bug (undocumented)
Can now create or edit items, and delete

4/3/20
Changed startup.cs to look closer to Nick's.
    will probably end up changing it later, because not entirely sure what some of it does atm.
Added serilog
Changed program.cs to look like Nick's.
    Most of what it did was add a logger.
    Not sure why other changes though.
Cleaned using statements in statup.cs and program.cs
Added seed data
    MUST MIGRATE!!!
Made a new migration.
Nothing works related to views and controllers..... x.x
initial views and controllers (finally)
added a (working) search function for Item, searches both description and name

4/2/20
Moved solution 'Project1.sln' out of PaulsUsedGoods.WebApp, because it didnt belong in there, and it was causing build errors.
Initial Mapper
    Almost certainly has bugs, and causes an endless loop.
        will fix later by overloading and sending in the adding item
some tweaks in interfaces (for consistency)
some tweaks in models (for consistency and data tracking)
some tweaks in UsedGoodsDbContext
some tweaks in Item context object
    WILL NEED A NEW MIGRATION !!!!!
Initial Repositories
    almost certainly has bugs, no known ones though
        ..still compiles..

4/1/20
Initial project creation
Initial migration (code first)
Initial structure (DataAccess, Domain, Test, WebApp)
Initial Domain models
Initial DataAccess models
Initial Interfaces (Inside Domain)
Added Logic Folder to Domain
    Added BadWordChecker, CaseConverter